backend/README.md, before:

# backend

once the web reaches the last page it should send request to REST based backend which will serve as trigger for HW and/or other purposes (e.g. notify operator)

## backend

Will be listening on http for communication possibly in JSON other formats. 
Once msg comes to endpoint GET/PUT e.g. \check\
It will send msg on COM to attached HW part and (if necesary - again via REST API) notify the operator.
For testing purposes also other endpoint should be available e.g. \test\green, test\red, ...

### backend - parts
- [x] REST server
- [ ] HW interceptor
- [ ] Operator notification

## HW

For the HW part Arduino arduino-beetle-atmega32u4-usb could be used / or any similar HW.
Simple controler waiting for specific msg on SerialPort.
For Positive and negative scenarios different msg might be needed.
Therefore several msg should be implemented e.g. OK,NOT,ERR,RESET

### HW - check
- [ ] prepare demo with LEDs
- [ ] check HW installed
- [ ] prepare "interface" for installed HW

### HW - OK
 - [ ] Red should go off
 - [ ] green should go on

### HW - NOK
 - [ ] Red should blink for 5s...

### HW - Test?
 TBDiscussed

Commit message:

Adding new path
Another path that could be follow found and noted

backend/README.md, after:

# backend

once the web reaches the last page it should send request to REST based backend which will serve as trigger for HW and/or other purposes (e.g. notify operator)

## chrome API to serial

For the Serial communication potencialy Chrome API could be used.
This reduced possible failing components and issues while running.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24986049/chrome-extension-reading-from-serial-port

## backend

Will be listening on http for communication possibly in JSON other formats. 
Once msg comes to endpoint GET/PUT e.g. \check\
It will send msg on COM to attached HW part and (if necesary - again via REST API) notify the operator.
For testing purposes also other endpoint should be available e.g. \test\green, test\red, ...

### backend - parts
- [x] REST server
- [ ] HW interceptor
- [ ] Operator notification

## HW

For the HW part Arduino arduino-beetle-atmega32u4-usb could be used / or any similar HW.
Simple controler waiting for specific msg on SerialPort.
For Positive and negative scenarios different msg might be needed.
Therefore several msg should be implemented e.g. OK,NOT,ERR,RESET

### HW - check
- [ ] prepare demo with LEDs
- [ ] check HW installed
- [ ] prepare "interface" for installed HW

### HW - OK
 - [ ] Red should go off
 - [ ] green should go on

### HW - NOK
 - [ ] Red should blink for 5s...

### HW - Test?
 TBDiscussed
